there's actually a lot of going there's
there's well because they're trying to
side right they're trying a side the
four teams left
well I'm outside and the cold windy
weather bearing these elements right now
with Cubs presented by Omni slash to
talk to lure low after an unfortunate
loss against clutch gaming first out
thank you for doing an interview and a
lot of people don't like to talk too
much after I lost but why do you think
that the game went the way that it did
um I think a few things took place I
think one we weren't like looking for as
many productive places we should and on
top of that they had three teepees they
had the spellbook horn and their mouths
are and also a GPL to like counteract
our plays I don't know I felt like a lot
of just in general like there's a lot of
nerves that need to be like settled out
it just felt like Evan was super nervous
on the first day and that's like the
general feeling I got yeah yeah I mean
do you think that this was a is this
representative of your current skill
level or do you think that this was just
like an off day kind of first-day
jitters kind of deal it really felt like
people were just nervously honestly just
felt like we had like even just like
going in it felt like the atmosphere was
a lot of like it was really nervous
atmosphere I think if we can just make
sure to go in with like a really open
minds like we have so many games to
place inside of this season then I think
I'll pan out better so I hope I hope you
take this in the right way but I will
say one thing I was interesting was that
on Team Liquid it felt like there was so
much pressure on that team everyone's
talking about everybody felt like I
should've been doing better there were a
lot of embarrassing losses etc what's
interesting is that with golden
Guardians a lot of people a lot of
people are putting you towards the end
of the Power Rankings right now so do
you feel as though that that kind of
lessens the pressure compared to your
previous team um well even if there's a
lesser pressure from the outside
environment I always put a huge amount
of pressure on myself like I think this
would in in particular I'm I'm working
as hard as I can
I'm putting like more hours than I've
done in like past but on liquid I'm
going to try to become just better and
better and I want to become like a top
talent the split and I want to show it
so I'm gonna keep working hard even if
the pressure is not from an outside
source I'll put out myself and make sure
I improve where do you see the areas
that golden Guardian seems to improve
right now um honestly there's gonna be a
lot of things because we're new team and
also there's just gonna be a lot of
things with the pan out I think one
proactivity is gonna be a big thing for
us because seems like especially the
game today it felt like just we were
scared to make plays and I think once
that get settled I think you'll see us
just like gelling more and maybe we'll
see something more competitive but today
we kind of just like rolled over and let
them like slowly win the game which is
kind it kind of just sucked overall like
those kind of games just like feel bad
it's just like we kind of just didn't
put up a fight we just let them like
slowly win and that's like it's
frustrating away but I think we'll we'll
learn from it and then it is the first
game of the season so there's a lot more
upcoming games we can learn from so is
there anything that you think all these
analysts and the people on the decimals
stuff that they're not realizing about
your team like is there some strength
that's going on there people under
anything that people are under
estimating you on and your opinion um it
does kind of make sense when they look
at us like yeah we have five na players
like there's no imports and like our
players can't like besides like
contracts we all came from like the
lower seeded team so like just from the
outside source it kind of makes sense
that their opinions are that way but
it's our job to like prove them wrong
and like improve over time and I think
that's what we're going to look to do
over the whole season good Laurel is
there anything you want to say to you
any other potential golden Guardians
fans because one thing I thought was
pretty cool there's actually a lot of
going there's there's well because
they're trying to decide right they're
trying a side the four teams left did
you did you know that there were four
teams that left all these people are
like who where should I go where should
I go they're looking at you guys first
loss first loss but I was surprised
there's a lot of people here supporting
you guys on on day one so anything that
you would say to anybody out there who
are thinking about getting in on this
you know yeah I think it's gonna take
some time for us to jell still and I
think we're gonna show way more down
into performances as the seasons go on
and we think ever the nerves thing and
just become just more confident I think
as a whole team and then we'll move
forward and hope you guys keep
supporting us so thank you one more
bonus question you guys hired a lot of
my previous staff including social media
manager who works for you guys now he
used to work with me how's she doing I
just want to check up on her
what what I'm just curious is she doing
all right you know she was she was she's
on a good path at Yahoo I just want to
make sure she's still upward trajectory
yeah she's taking great pictures of us
okay good pictures it's very good all
right thank you so much lower low for
the interview glad glad I could check up
I'll ask about hunter next time you know
because I I want to see also did you
know that spells II who I forget what
role he has some other one he used to
work with me as well oh you like the
overbearing head of life yeah so maybe
you're like oh so you're Golden Gardens
man - oh I've just groomed these people
to make sure that they're good for you
guys so if they're any cheese let me
know and I'll talk to them yeah thank
you so much for the interview you can
check out the rest of our coverage of
all things eSports right here on my
youtube channel hey thanks so much for
watching I hope you enjoyed the
interview and brought you brought to you
by Omni /me you can check out so but
nobody knows who you are yet okay you
can check out the rest of my coverage if
he sure to subscribe to my youtube
channel right here